vaio 4 nights
Zoran Toshich pictures burst into the penalty area
beat the goalkeeper and already abandoned me
tightly
gate managed to direct the ball to 4
minute I remind you again it happened
on it was i think it broke
to some extent Samara team
bad start failed to come themselves
failed
come back to this game even more after 3
minutes through 20 has become polzoval
army team lead dumbia
becomes the author of 2 years and again the ball
flies into the empty net since
flour went
to the exit
left the gate could not play here so
as demanded by situation 20 and
a serious advantage
army team wings tips
certain threats created the gate but
selection were far here perhaps the most
dangerous moment hit alexander
Amisulashvili
cisco was even closer in the first half
probably to the larger account
tender wings of the councils because one would
ball from play well and fragments to the second
half of the match here god beautiful
scoring gaze too now I'll see
see
Received transmission from Vasily Berezutsky
and instantly navigate
sent the ball right under the crossbar 30
enjoy the spark game in general made
the game on this was essentially complete
questions remained final score no
in no case is this yellow
card got yatchenko from army
warned and milonov this meeting well
the final phase of the match succeeded the wings
tips one goal wager occurred on
last minute and the author of this sword
it becomes what through now we are on
Repeat then we will see the army team became
claims had to the arbitrator believed that
the position of the game was like this attack
at
Samara team now we are with you
saw everything we can appreciate
although in general for 100 percent and evaluation
maybe we need a freeze frame or
let's say auto
from a different angle, this is Emin’s punch
Mahmudova blow inaccurate somewhere in
last 15 minutes really me
I agree with Leonid Slutsky
concentration of some degree of it
the team lost well and that's how it was scored
This goal is really necessary
freeze frame look
whether to remove the correct or position
was hold on cheers
moment boys are not in bulk and what's the last
the transfer was exactly done
According to the rules, Alan Chochiev, who came out on
replacement becomes the author of this downtrodden
ball and sets the final score
in the match
31 in favor of csk forty six points now
gaining army club he is on
third place two points behind
locomotive one point lag behind
zenith and csk applicant for a place in
Champions League
it is absolutely accurate and considering the game
who showed army team today and with
considering their calendar soon here
this is the atmosphere of the party
home match for the Samara team
which are actually by quantity
the fans were rather home for
cisco worked for you alexey andronov
look
Russian Championship on our football channel
happy